= RightScraper

== DESCRIPTION

=== Synopsis

RightScraper provides a simple interface to download and keep repositories up-to-date
using various protocols.  It has been decomposed into various modules so that you
may specify only the functionality (and required libraries and gems) you require.

This module adds *SVN* support to RightScraper, enabling RightScraper to checkout and
update SVN repositories.

== USAGE

=== Simple Example

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'right_scraper_svn'

 scraper = RightScale::Scraper.new('/tmp')
 scraper.scrape(:type => :svn, :url => 'http://github.com/rightscale/right_scraper.git')

== INSTALLATION

This module for RightScraper can be installed by entering the following at the command
prompt:

 gem install right_scraper_svn

This module uses the Subversion client library bindings for Ruby, which are not compiled
by default.  Building them is simply a matter of specifying <tt>--with-ruby-sitedir</tt>
to +configure+, and then after +make install+, running +make swig-rb+ and then +make
install-swig-rb+.  For +rude+ users is important to have LDFLAGS set to
<tt>-L/opt/rude/sandbox/lib</tt> to ensure that the correct Ruby is used to build.

On Ubuntu, install libsvn-ruby.

On Mac OS X, as of September Homebrew supports Ruby in Subversion; the Ruby bindings can
be installed as follows:

 brew install subversion --ruby

For +rude+ users,

 LDFLAGS=-L/opt/rude/sandbox/lib brew install subversion --ruby

== TESTING

Install the following RubyGems required for testing:
- rspec

The build can be tested using the RSpec gem.

 rake spec

== CODE OVERVIEW

This module inserts a new repository type <tt>:svn</tt> and then associates a scraper
with that repository.

== LICENSE

<b>RightScraper</b>

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 RightScale, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
