= RightScraper

== DESCRIPTION

=== Synopsis

RightScraper provides a simple interface to download and keep repositories up-to-date
using various protocols.  It has been decomposed into various modules so that you
may specify only the functionality (and required libraries and gems) you require.
This module acts as a base, defining that functionality that does not require
that you install C libraries or command line clients.

== USAGE

=== Simple Example

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'right_scraper_base'

 scraper = RightScale::Scraper.new('/tmp')
 scraper.scrape(:type => :download, :url => 'http://example.com/a/tarball.tgz')

== INSTALLATION

This module for RightScraper can be installed by entering the following at the command
prompt:

 gem install right_scraper_base

This module requires that curl be installed.

== TESTING

Install the following RubyGems required for testing:
- rspec

The build can be tested using the RSpec gem.

 rake spec

== CODE OVERVIEW

The main interface to right_scraper is RightScale::Scraper.  If
you're interested in digging in deeper, there are several major moving
parts to be aware of.

=== Repositories, Scrapers and Cookbooks

A RightScale::Repository completely defines how to access a specific
repository (including revision information as appropriate).
Repository definitions are in <tt>lib/right_scraper/repositories</tt> and
should inherit from RightScale::Repository.

Scrapers are subclasses of RightScale::Scrapers::ScraperBase, and can
scan a repository and return a number of RightScale::Cookbook
instances.  Scrapers live in <tt>lib/right_scraper/scrapers</tt>.
Scrapers should never be instantiated directly, only through
repositories.  Scrapers implement a stream-type interface like +IO+
streams and +Dir+ instances.

Cookbooks, gotten from scrapers, are instances of
RightScale::Cookbook.  Cookbooks can be converted to and from URL-type
syntaxes with RightScale::Cookbook#to_url and
RightScale::Cookbook::from_url, with the caveat that it is not at
present possible to perfectly reconstruct the repository a cookbook
uses from the cookbook URL.

=== Scraper Hooks

There are two interesting classes of scraper hooks; builders, which
scan a tree on the filesystem, and scanners, which handle
filesystem-like structures in memory.  Both these are needed because a
scraper is allowed to operate in a streaming fashion (and indeed
RightScale::Scrapers::Download does), meaning that there is never an
actual filesystem tree.  Builders can be specified in the
<tt>:builders</tt> argument and scanners can be specified in the
<tt>:scanners</tt> argument to RightScale::Scrapers::ScraperBase#new.

== LICENSE

<b>RightScraper</b>

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 RightScale, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
